New serverless pattern - AppSync, StepFunctions (Synchronous Express), Prompt Chaining with BedrockMikeh feature appsync stepfunctions express sync bedrock sam (#2405)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: appsync-stepfunctions-express-sync-bedrock-sam/README.md

Reviewer: This looks like a second pattern, is this intentional?

> # Prompt Chaining with AWS AppSync, AWS StepFunctions & Amazon Bedrock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Prompt Chaining with AWS AppSync, AWS Step Functions and Amazon Bedrock.
```

> # Prompt Chaining with AWS AppSync, AWS StepFunctions and Amazon Bedrock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Prompt Chaining with AWS AppSync, AWS Step Functions and Amazon Bedrock.
```

> The AWS Serverless Application Model (SAM) template deploys an AWS AppSync serverless GraphQL endpoint connected to an AWS Step Functions state machine. This example demonstrates how to invoke an Express state machine synchronously and utilize AWS Step Functions intrinsic functions to chain two prompts, which are then used to invoke the Amazon Bedrock language model. The output from the state machine execution is returned to the client within 29 seconds, using the HTTP API. This no-code example showcases how the results from the first prompt can be used to provide context for the second prompt, allowing the language model to deliver a highly-curated response. By chaining these prompts, the system can leverage the capabilities of the language model to generate more meaningful and contextual outputs.

Reviewer: Shouldn't that mention AppSync instead of HTTP API?
